src/pages/index.md, before:

---
contact: []
indexPage:
  - type: twoCols
    image: /img/phuonganh_avatar-1000.png
    text: >-
      # Phuong-Anh P. Nguyen


      On the path to build a content writing career, I’m not a newbie, not yet an expert. Customer-focused, detail and result oriented are among my luggage. The next journey I’m looking for is where I can learn more techniques, sharpen skills, and feel free to be myself.
    isImageRight: false
  - type: skillGrid
    heading: What I can do
    item:
      - skill: Content Writing
        level: 3.5
      - skill: English
        level: 4
      - skill: CMS
        level: 3
      - skill: Photoshop, Illustrator
        level: 2
  - type: twoCols
    image: /img/nyan-pipa.jpg
    text: |-
      # Nyan Pipa

      Hello, I am Nyan Pipa. I am origin from the Nyan Cat.
    isImageRight: true
heading: Sleepy Bear's space
subheading: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
aboutMe:
  title: About me
  content: On the path to build a content writing career, I’m not a newbie, not
    yet an expert. Customer-focused, detail and result oriented are among my
    luggage. The next journey I’m looking for is where I can learn more
    techniques, sharpen skills, and feel free to be myself.
templateKey: index-page
mainpitch:
  title: Why Kaldi
  description: >
    Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee
    shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans
    directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the
    profits are reinvested in their communities.
experience:
  - company: " CARE Education English Center"
    title: Content Team Leader
    time: Mar 2020 – Now
  - company: Ken Media Services
    title: English Content Writer
    time: May 2018 - May 2020
interest:
  title: Interest
  details:
    - Language
    - Psychology
    - Movies
    - Travel
name: Phuong-Anh P. Nguyen
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
        independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a
        variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and
        local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
        availability.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
        tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
        own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget
        to fall in love with in our shop.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        Love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? Bought a
        fancy new Chemex but have no clue how to use it? Don't worry, we’re here
        to help. You can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas
        to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing.
        Email us or call the store for details.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        We believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together.
        That’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting
        space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about
        coffee making techniques. All of the artwork on display there is for
        sale. The full price you pay goes to the artist.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
title: Sleepy Bear's space
avatar: /img/phuonganh_avatar-1000.png
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
aboutPage:
  title: What is this?
  description: Whatever you imagine it to be.
  content: Whatever you imagine it to be
description: Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn
  about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
  production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
  knowledge to anyone.
---

Commit message:

Add Typescript for index-page components Rename IndexPage widget into IndexWidget Improve TwoCols widget

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
contact: []
indexWidget:
  - type: twoCols
    image: /img/phuonganh_avatar-1000.png
    text: >-
      # Phuong-Anh P. Nguyen


      On the path to build a content writing career, I’m not a newbie, not yet an expert. Customer-focused, detail and result oriented are among my luggage. The next journey I’m looking for is where I can learn more techniques, sharpen skills, and feel free to be myself.
    isImageRight: false
    fullWidth: true
  - type: skillGrid
    heading: What I can do
    item:
      - skill: Content Writing
        level: 3.5
      - skill: English
        level: 4
      - skill: CMS
        level: 3
      - skill: Photoshop, Illustrator
        level: 2
  - type: twoCols
    image: /img/nyan-pipa.jpg
    text: >-
      ## Nyan Pipa


      Hello, I am Nyan Pipa. I am origin from the Nyan Cat.


      I am a 3-year-old British shorthair cat, but I am actually from Estonia. My birthday is in August. I am a very curious and friendly cat, and I love getting to know new people.
    isImageRight: true
heading: Sleepy Bear's space
subheading: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
aboutMe:
  title: About me
  content: On the path to build a content writing career, I’m not a newbie, not
    yet an expert. Customer-focused, detail and result oriented are among my
    luggage. The next journey I’m looking for is where I can learn more
    techniques, sharpen skills, and feel free to be myself.
templateKey: index-page
mainpitch:
  title: Why Kaldi
  description: >
    Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee
    shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans
    directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the
    profits are reinvested in their communities.
experience:
  - company: " CARE Education English Center"
    title: Content Team Leader
    time: Mar 2020 – Now
  - company: Ken Media Services
    title: English Content Writer
    time: May 2018 - May 2020
interest:
  title: Interest
  details:
    - Language
    - Psychology
    - Movies
    - Travel
name: Phuong-Anh P. Nguyen
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
        independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a
        variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and
        local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
        availability.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
        tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
        own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget
        to fall in love with in our shop.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        Love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? Bought a
        fancy new Chemex but have no clue how to use it? Don't worry, we’re here
        to help. You can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas
        to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing.
        Email us or call the store for details.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        We believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together.
        That’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting
        space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about
        coffee making techniques. All of the artwork on display there is for
        sale. The full price you pay goes to the artist.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
title: Sleepy Bear's space
avatar: /img/phuonganh_avatar-1000.png
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
aboutPage:
  title: What is this?
  description: Whatever you imagine it to be.
  content: Whatever you imagine it to be
description: Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn
  about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
  production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
  knowledge to anyone.
---
